# MyVBDBMS
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/aYs1VmoN2qE
#### Description: MyVBDBMS is a minor project implemented in C language. This application does not rely on internet connection and it runs offline. It uses the concept such as file handling to store or to retrieve data. It consists of , if not all, but many functions which are present in corporate level DBMS. Following details the complete functioning of the application                                                                                                            * The Entire program is written in one file. it comprises of 700 lines of code.                                            * it is divided into two sections, each having thier respective functions associated with them only.                       1) First section DDL section:                                                                                           -This section contains all the commands a traditional DDL has for example:                                                 * Create Database: This command creates a database , or a directory, where the application is located. Thereafter, every table , or file, created inside a particular database will only associate with that database only.                         * Use Database: This command basically loads the database into the memory for users to work on it. Various error detectors are implemented so that user can identify the error while loading and unloading the database.                              * Close Database: As the name suggests, it simply closes the database and unloads it from the memory. Closing a already opened database before using Create Database or Use Database commands.                                                     * Rename Database: This command renames the already loaded database.                                                       * Drop Database: This Database removes the database from the memory after all the table inside it are removed.             * Create table: This Command creates a table in the specified database. With no database loaded , the command throws an error stating that no database is in use.                                                                                  * Insert into: This command inserts the value in the table in order of the columns. Exceeding the size of the field specified while making the table would prompt the program to throw an error stating the cause the of the error. Errors would also be stated when some users is trying to access table which does not exist.                                       2) Second section DML section:                                                                                             -This section consists of some DML commands along with various functions:                                                  * Select: This command is used for query and can be modified using function.
